hello everyone
this is a slightly different tech link
because
linus is using the tackling set and we
are forced to use
uh wherever we are right now what is
this i am also sitting down james is
also very comfortable we're
reclining oh and andy's going to sit
down too all right here we go hey tell
you what if you've been planning to
build a gaming rig primarily to play
fortnite you might want to think twice
especially if you have an ipad pro
[Music]
all right the game's latest apple app
store update means fortnite now supports
120 frames per second on the 2018 ipad
pro wow that's some extra buttery smooth
flossing
you know the thing can't do it because
i'm sitting as much as a gaming rig
that's true
it's a little more expensive do keep in
mind that there is a resolution and
quality trade-off and the frame rate
does dip below 120 sometimes depending
on what exactly is happening on your
screen but it's still pretty cool to see
this on a tablet especially as some
platforms like the nintendo switch don't
offer such an option for the more
competitive among you the higher refresh
rate could offer a gameplay advantage
though i'm not sure what the venn
diagram with hardcore esports
enthusiasts and ipad pro gamers would
look like probably very small ah ces
2020 was a bit disappointing for those
of us who expected more playstation 5
news other than what the name was but
now it looks like we might be seeing a
lot more of the upcoming console very
soon more than the logo
imagine a god of war developer tweeted
last week that we're less than a month
out from the official reveal another
leak also suggests we'll be seeing it in
early february with it going on sale in
october for 499 us dollars or 449 of the
majesties pounds and if the leak that
performance will be similar to the
upcoming xbox series x for 100 bucks
less is true
it might put microsoft in a very
difficult spot of course these are all
just rumors for the moment but at least
it gives you something to look forward
to for next month if you're facing the
prospect of spending another valentine's
day alone
but that doesn't matter as long as you
got a nice comfy pillow now that i'm
married i i wish my valentine's day was
alone james that's rude ah but tesla now
they're facing a possibly massive recall
in the united states following reports
like this one that the cars are suddenly
speeding up without warning to the
driver well that was a joke about
something that's kind of serious
the recall could affect half a million
teslas including the model s the model x
and the model 3.
all of them except the cyber truck the
investigation by u.s authorities comes
after a number of complaints involving
over 120 individual vehicles while this
is quite alarming if you've bought an
elon mobile an important thing to note
is that some of these complaints appear
to have come from an investor who's
notorious for wanting to see tesla's
stock fall
and claims of unintended acceleration
involving other vehicles in the past
have often come from user error like
accidentally stepping on the gas
i do that all the time
so maybe ai isn't actually plotting to
kill us all
yet that's the that's the key
modifier there the quick bits brought to
you by the mass drop x sennheiser hd6xx
headphones these cans are one of
drop.com's all-time best sellers with
over 60 000 sold they're based on the
hd650 which delivers balance mids and a
natural sounding bass community feedback
led drop.com and sennheiser to add a
detachable six-foot cable in place of
the original 10-foot one and the headset
comes with sennheiser's dependable
long-term support love those guys so
join the drop today
at the link below i'll have my quick
bits
and i'll have them now thank you
boeing ooh looks like it's taking
another black eye on the now notorious
737 max airliner although it's spent
months trying to work out a software bug
there's now apparently another issue
with the flight control computers that
keeps the plane from even taking off now
that's safer i'm no aviation expert it
seems like they should just yeah
stay safe and just not take off stay on
the tarmac what dennis we're filming
i wish there was a camera on his face he
just looks and he's like
oh the mental health director of
britain's national health service is
calling for the uk to follow in
belgium's footsteps and ban loot boxes
similar to other officials who have
criticized this trend in gaming the nhs
views buying loot boxes as a form of
gambling the nhs is also planning to
open up more gambling clinics across the
country but i wonder how many of their
visitors will come in with a loot box
problem versus just having lost way too
much money betting on the premier league
it's not the premier league
the prem it's a
soccer edsel premier league have you
heard of it
football
nintendo is looking at switching up the
joy-con yet again if a new patent is
believed
the console gaming giant has filed a
patent for a new design that
incorporates a stylus into the
controller and while it might not have
much use for action games it could
definitely come in handy for titles like
super mario maker no word on if or when
it'll be released but i'm definitely
looking forward to another small
easy to lose electronics accessory i
want a stylus for all my devices
although the opera browser has built up
a pretty solid reputation over the years
there have been reports recently that
under new ownership it has apps in the
google play store offering predatory
loans to users in kenya nigeria and
india some with interest rates of over
800 percent we've yet to see if the
reports are true and if google will ban
the apps and this seems like a good time
to remind our wonderful viewers to stay
far away from payday loans i know it it
seems like a great deal you get money
right now yeah but no obligation
and the fbi has seized the website we
leak info which is exactly what it
sounds like a reseller of usernames and
passwords stolen in data breaches the
suspected perps have also been arrested
by cops in the netherlands and northern
ireland definitely a good thing as the
site's owners were selling subscription
access to the stolen credentials for as
low as two dollars so don't forget to
check have i been pwned to make sure
your private info wasn't sold for the
price of a coca-cola all right that's
our show guys come back on wednesday for
more fizzy refreshing tech news and uh
hopefully we won't be uh reclining as
much geez come on
see this is the great thing about the
other set no throwable weapons
it's cold in here